feat(content): New human missions and jobs (#8207)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/jobs.txt

		payment 3000 150
		dialog "The released prisoners walk into the spaceport with nothing but discharge paperwork and the clothes on their backs. You collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Passenger Runoff [0]"
	name "Passenger transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "Bring a hooded figure to <destination>. Payment is 12,000 credits."
	passengers 1
	"apparent payment" 12000
	source
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
	destination
		distance 2 8
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
	to offer
		random < 1
		random < 10
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete

> 		dialog `As your ship touches down on the landing pad, a blinking light notifies you that the cargo bay door was opened using the emergency opener. You catch a glimpse of your passenger running off into the spaceport. You sigh and file a report with spaceport security, knowing you won't see your money.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog `As your ship touches down on the landing pad, a blinking light notifies you that the cargo bay door was opened using the emergency release. You catch a glimpse of your passenger running off into the spaceport. You sigh and file a report with spaceport security, knowing you won't see your money.`
```

mission "Passenger Runoff [1]"
	name "Passenger transport to <planet>"
	job
	repeat
	description "Bring a teenager to <destination>. Payment is <payment>."
	passengers 1
	"apparent payment" 12000
	source
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
	destination
		distance 2 8
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
	to offer
		random < 1
		random < 10
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete

> 		dialog `After landing, you go to the passenger compartments to notify them of the arrival and ask for the payment. The door opens as you raise your hand to knock, and the teenager rushes past you. Before you can recover, they are already gone and on their way into the depths of the spaceport. You shake your head in disappointment.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		dialog `After landing, you go to the passenger compartments to notify them of the arrival and ask for the payment. The door opens as you raise your hand to knock, and the teenager rushes past you. Before you can recover, they're already gone and on their way into the depths of the spaceport. You shake your head in disappointment.`
```

Reviewer 3: This seems like a reasonable suggestion. Why was it ignored?

		payment 3000 150
		dialog "The released prisoners walk into the spaceport with nothing but discharge paperwork and the clothes on their backs. You collect your payment of <payment>."

> mission "Passenger Runoff [0]"

Reviewer 3: Maybe have an `on accept` dialog, like some of the Southern suspicious missions?
